"x"
"This is a best case I have ever purchased. When Galaxy M51 launched there were only less mobile cases put there and I didn't want to go with high end cases which were looking classy but not upto to the mark.This case from GiftKart didn't had any reviews though, so I bought it with a doubt.. and I was not disappointed and amazed by the packing and a motivational message in the pack with Steve Jobs picture."
"This is an awesome armour protection for samsung M51. The laser cutting is so precise it looks and feels premium. You can use mobile without any drop worries. Also the stand at the back is helpful to be used as mobile stand and alternatively can also be used as ring holder. The magnetic holder works perfectly. Overall this cover is the best buy with these many added advantages at an affordable price. Bought it for ₹250. Don't think just blindly go for it. You won't regret."
"Amazing and durable product. Looking stylish 😎 better than others and value for the price. Go for its beautiful product."
"Wow amazing case. When I attached the case it felt so good! Best fit and clipped right with the phone. Phone feels sturdy with the case. And the finger hold behind is also study. Awesome case with such a small price. Im loving its fit with the phone. I have attached a video"
"Cut 2 cut fix ... amazing to buy. Happy for the item paid... can go for it. 1 star deducted for Amazon delivery... they refuse to come at home with a excuse that they have big vehicle...wherein a big truck can also pass through the road. AMAZON HAS TO REALLY WORK ON THIS."
"Exceptional quality and majestic.This black and grey military/sturdy back case for my samusung M51 is a real beauty.The feel in hands is so great.Thank you Amazon for your excellent service.👍"
"I got the product delivered today (1st Jan 2021) morning. I immediately put it on my M51 phone. I have used it for more than 10 hours now (writing the review at around 7PM same day). The cover fits snuggly on the phone and best part it feels rugged. For ₹400 this is absolutely value for money. I think similar ones by branded ones like Spigen or Nillkin will easily cost more than 1k or even close to 1.5k. I would absolutely buy my next case from this manufacturer."
"Just got the cover and looks pretty awesome and looks sturdy and durable enough to last a couple of years. The inner soft cover somehow looks fragile to me but let's see how it will withstand the test of time. All in all its a great back cover indeed which comes in 300 rs which is really awesome and also a spectacular deal whoever wishes to buy a great back cover for their galaxy m51 should definitely go for this a great deal in less price a real go to deal I bet on it."
"This is an excellent back cover for mobile. It is built for M51 and you can clearly see that it is mentioned on the inner side of the case. It is sturdy, fits exactly right covering all the edges. The slots for fingerprint sensor, camera, headphone jack all are properly designed for smooth functioning of these parts. Its worth the money, and looks stylish too. The stand is also perfect."
"This is an exact fit for Samsung M51, the cuts are damn precise, case sturdy and very convenient. The ring at the rear is handy while using phone, can put one finger in that to ensure phone doesn't slip. The metal peice is great value add for sticking it to car magnet. The borders are very precise, soft and clean."
"This item is the perfect fit for the samsung galaxy M51 camera cutout, side fingerprint cutout and everything else are in right places in sync with the phone design itself"
"The cover case is good. It fits perfectly and feels like a good case. In the product description, they were describing about a magnet is back side to stick to a car attachment. I tried it in multiple iron surfaces and it didn't work. I'm not using it anyway, so doesn't matter. The phone is already bulky and this case will make it even bulkier."
"The case is simply solid. It looks like the phone is enclosed inside a fortress. At the price at which it is sold it is worth many times more. We bought the same case for another phone too. I'd highly recommed it to anyone who is looking for a sturdy, long lasting and attractive case at a very affordable price."
"I bought this after checking all reviews and thanks to customers who wrote true reviews. Its really good and we can it will definitely protect ur phone even after falling from height. So do buy it to protect and give ur phone a good look. Cheers amazon"
"As I expected the product is very good and well fitted. Price is very low and product looks like a 700 to 900 rs price range. After using this product my phone has become more attractive. Just go for it."
"Excellent product ..a total paisa vasool.Is verybsturdy and the button slots are perfect. Loved it. Only comment for improvement would be that the back ring socket could have been tighter as it would give more confidence while serving as a mobile stand."
"I like everything, the material that it was built was very perfect and hard and the best thing was that I was able to afford a costly case in cheaper rate and the stand including the magnetic holder was fabulous but there is one thing I am not satisfied. That is the car holder, if you include this in the package also I will be more satisfied. Anyway keep it up."
"Today only received mobile case for my m51. Quality is good. I feel it thick, if you are looking thin and lightweight, you have to think to buy this case. However I am OK for thickness and weight since my kids also use my 📱 some time I need to take care of that."
"Perfect companion for your M51 phone.. Although it's priced high.. I decided to go for it because of its sturdy structure.. And the ring at the back."
"Everything is good and I'm satisfied with this product but the reason why I have given 3 star because its ring not so good it can't able handle the phone weight and always slip weather you keep on table or on your bed.....else everything is ok very good durable, it also cover your curve screen so it is good.....you should buy it"
"Just go for it. Extremely well cut out holes for access to fingerprint sensor. Matte finish. Well built stand."
"Cover is actually good. Looks r awesome and stylish. But every phone comes with a warning telling us to keep it away from magnet. So will this magnet not harm/magnetize ur phone over the period of time? Phone has many magnet sensitive components and sensors.. specially compass.. wish the magnet was not there or was removable."
"fits well with toughen glass, but once my phone dropped and it did not protected camera glass part well, screen protection is good though. bit of heavy"
"Very good quality, sturdy back cover. I like the design a lot, however the only downside I feel is the way the finger ring has been setup- it opens down from up, which doesn't feel intuitive"
"Indeed a great cover for your phone. Looks too good on the phone. Camera is protected when you place the phone on any rough surface. The cuts for phone buttons are perfect. Go for it"
"The seller took 6-7 weeks to deliver the product. The cover consists of two parts both needs to fit properly to hold the phone. But as soon as you insert the phone inside the covers opens up from top and side. Bad product."
"Go for it...it looks premium..cutouts are so meticulous and detailed.....the thumb sensor space is enough. Feel free about your phone for any damage after you use it."
"The product is of very good quality, precisely designed to match asthetics of M51 and look wise it looks great. The fitting is perfect and i liked the product overall."
"Lookes like a good rugged one and may provide nice shock absorbtion on impact of accidental fall . Nice hand feel. Just do what it is made for. Good product."
"Perfectly sturdy cover. Don't sweat over price or unnecessary pros and cons. Its a 400 buck thing, just buy it and enjoy it !"
"This product is good look wise however quality wise not as expected. There are rough/sharp edges at the provisions given for ports which gives discomfort while holding the phone. Also the 2 parts of the cover (upper & lower parts) are not perfectly locked to each other. So there are gaps visible all over the joints."
"Beast of a case. Protect the phone from all angles. My son use to throw phones and this is a best case to protect the phone"
"One of the best fitting and good looking cover, the phone looks super cool and sturdy too. Material is also good, protects the phone on all corners. Would recommend this product for other phones too, had purchased for a Samasung A30... Peerfect fit and good looking"
"Its an armour to your phone. After this you can be tension free if by mistake you dropped your phone. Good quality product."
"This case is very solid and strong. I've purchased 3 of them of different mobile types. Most recommended."
"Absolutely amazing product, exactly the same as shown in the picture...go for it without hesitation."
"Brought it for 249/-. Value for money. Quality feels good. The rubber bedding near the finger scanner is thin."
"Waste product , doesn't lasts long , waste of money , in writing this review after using 45 days...... MY HUMBLE REQUEST IS NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT"
"Excellent cover... Excellent quality.. perfect fit.. feels sturdy and classy.. must have for M51 users"
"Well the product is sturdy in design and fits perfectly. It's also comfortable while handling. The slots are perfect and show no problem while using fingerprint and charging. I am just curious if the magnet at the back causing battery draining a bit faster ? Also the magnet only works on other magnet and not on other iron things."
"It looks good and is sturdy on the back. Was expacting better fit and finish at this price point. The part that covers the sides of the phone is too soft and doesn't provide any protection. Was expecting better quality and sturdiness at this price point."
"I like the innovation with this product. A small stand in the back is definitely an advantage. Sticking it in the car with magnetic holder, beautiful concept."
"The cover is good but once u put the cover it makes the mobile too bulky to hold and also the metal ring behind keep opening up which I find as a big irritant."
"I'd pay 1000 bucks for this case. Too good. Only problem was that they delivered in almost 2-3 weeks time. However, the quality of the case made that problem diminish. It has a magnet on the back which works perfectly fine."
"This is quite sturdy. My phone fell down once but nothing happened to it. The ring at the back works well to hold the phone as well as use as a stand"
"Value for money, durable and sturdy."
"Product is amazing....giving good protection to phone and is of correct size.....everything is in place . The holes, the slits all are of correct dimensions. Only negative i see is it took a long time to get here. That was a long delivery time of 3 weeks"
"Really this is an awesome armour protection for samsung M51. Its look so premium and build quality is very good. I like the grip and feel very comfortable with this cover. This back cover really value for money. If you wanted to buy go for it without hesitation.."
"Accurate fitting. Excellent product and amazing packing by the seller and hats off to Amazon and good work by the designer of this product"
"Just Excellent ,sturdy but not heavy ,suits M51 ,which is a big phone, superb protection, inclined viewing on supporting stand ."
"Quality , fingerprint usage and Finishing very good. It's very useful for car magnetic holer. Value for money."
"Really a good product withh good quality. One suggestions please allow some more discounts & make it more competitive."
"Magnet not working"
"Using the product for after a week, although it does make the phone a bit bigger, however, that is the case with any armoured cases. In comparison, although the sides of the case does have a rubber finish, the back is sturdy. So, there is good overall protection."
"It makes the phone little more heavier. Initially swipe from edge gets annoying but you'll get used to. But imagine a 250₹ cover saving a 25000₹ phone when dropped, this product simply does that. There isn't anything better than this at this price. Good one!"
"Value for money, sturdy and utilitarian. But makes the phone very bulky."
"Adds considerable bulk to an already chunky phone, will take some getting used to."
"Prize is very high original prize cover 250 i am not satisfy this cover prize"
"It's a perfect case for M51. It feels solid. I bought it at 300 /-Rs."




































